Update preface.rst (#2129)
openedx/edx-documentation: en_us/shared/preface.rst

==============

The `edX Help Center for Learners`_ includes topics to help you understand how

> to use the edX learning management system. The Help Center is also available from withing the learning experinece by selecting the **Help** menu and from within your edX dashboard.

Reviewer: Typo: "withing"

The last part of this sentence reads awkwardly to me. You use "within" twice. Would it be accurate to say,

"The Help Center is also available from within the learning experience. From your edX dashboard, select the **Help** menu."

> to use the edX learning management system. The Help Center is also available from withing the learning experinece by selecting the **Help** menu and from within your edX dashboard.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to use the Open edX learning management system. On edx.org, the Help Center is also available from within the learning experience by selecting the **Help** menu from within your edX dashboard.
```

EdX partner course teams can get technical support in the `edX Partner
Portal`_. To access technical support, submit a support ticket, or review any
support tickets you have created, go to `partners.edx.org`_ and select **Get Techincal Support**.

.. _The Open edX Portal:

***********************
The Open edX Site
***********************

> The `Open edX Site`_ is the destination for learning about hosting an Open

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `Open edX Portal`_ is the destination for learning about hosting an Open
```

> edX instance, extending the edX platform, and contributing to the Open edX project. In

Reviewer: ```suggestion
edX instance, extending the Open edX platform, and contributing to the Open edX project. In
```

> addition, the Open edX Psite provides product announcements and other

Reviewer: Typo: Psite

> addition, the Open edX Psite provides product announcements and other

Reviewer: ```suggestion
addition, the Open edX site provides product announcements and other
```
